# [The new ChatGPT Images is here](https://github.com/myogg/Gitblog/issues/134)

[OpenAI](https://openai.com/index/new-chatgpt-images-is-here/) 推出全新旗舰 ChatGPT 图像生成模型 GPT Image 1.5，最突出的亮点在于对细节的极致掌控

Today, we’re releasing a new version of [ChatGPT Images⁠(opens in a new window)](http://chatgpt.com/images?openaicom-did=5bd29cb5-609e-4358-869e-415c97fa2313&openaicom_referred=true), powered by our new flagship image generation model. Now, whether you’re creating something from scratch or editing a photo, you’ll get the output you’re picturing. It makes precise edits while keeping details intact, and generates images up to 4x faster. Alongside, we’re introducing a new [Images feature⁠(opens in a new window)](http://chatgpt.com/images?openaicom-did=5bd29cb5-609e-4358-869e-415c97fa2313&openaicom_referred=true) within ChatGPT, designed to make image generation delightful—to spark inspiration and make creative exploration effortless.

The new Images model is rolling out today in ChatGPT for all users, and is available in the API as GPT Image 1.5. The new Images experience in ChatGPT is also rolling out today for most users, with Business and Enterprise access coming later.

Precise edits that preserve what matter
Now, when you ask for edits to an uploaded image, the model adheres to your intent more reliably—down to the small details—changing only what you ask for while keeping elements like lighting, composition, and people’s appearance consistent across inputs, outputs, and subsequent edits.

This unlocks results that match your intent—more useful photo edits, more believable clothing and hairstyle try-ons, alongside stylistic filters and conceptual transformations that retain the essence of the original image. Together, these improvements mean ChatGPT can act as a creative studio in your pocket, capable of both practical edits and expressive reimaginings.

Editing
The model excels at different types of editing—including adding, subtracting, combining, blending, and transposing—so you get the changes you want without losing what makes the image special.